docs: add 6.0.2 release notes and fix root level aggregation (#1573)
AlaskaAirlines/auro-formkit: docs/releases/06.00.02.md

# Release Notes

This document outlines all changes since the 6.0.1 release.

Version 6.0.2 is a **patch release** focused on datepicker mobile/range layout polish, combobox and select loading states, and a handful of component-level fixes, plus build-integrity hardening that prevents malformed component bundles from ever shipping to npm again. No breaking API changes.

## Summary

This release resolves a group of visual and behavioral defects that surfaced across mobile layouts, range datepickers, and async-loading flows:

- Range `auro-datepicker` inputs now stay evenly sized and on-screen when labels are long, and their date values truncate symmetrically at narrow widths instead of one input clipping much sooner than the other.
- The `auro-datepicker` fullscreen (mobile) header now aligns flush with the rest of the layout and renders the From/To date values with the correct body typography.

> - `auro-combobox` now opens its bib and shows the loading indicator while options load asynchronously, and `auro-select`'s loading placeholder is correctly centered and sized to the trigger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `auro-combobox` now opens its bib and shows the loading indicator while options load asynchronously, and `the loading placehoder in `auro-select`/`auro-combobox` is correctly centered and sized to the trigger
```

### AURO-SELECT

- **Restored trigger ellipsis truncation** — [AB#1594470](https://itsals.visualstudio.com/5e9f12eb-f830-406f-bee9-be25938f7aaa/_workitems/edit/1594470)

    A long selected value in a constrained-width classic select failed to truncate, and once truncating, ran under the chevron. The selected value now has the full truncation setup (`overflow: hidden; white-space: nowrap; text-overflow: ellipsis` with a `max-width: 100%` container), and `.triggerContent` uses `box-sizing: border-box` so its padding is included in the width and the text stays clear of the chevron.

- **Loading placeholder centering and width** — [AB#1457608](https://itsals.visualstudio.com/5e9f12eb-f830-406f-bee9-be25938f7aaa/_workitems/edit/1457608)

>     The select loading placeholder (spinner + text) was vertically off-center and rendered wider than the trigger, pushing the bib past the trigger edge. The loading wrapper now uses flex layout with `align-items: center` for true vertical centering, and the shadow-DOM loading placeholder is hardcoded with `nocheckmark` so its padding matches regular options.

Reviewer: this part should be moved to `auro-menu`, if we want to apply to under auro-select, we need to add the same bullet point to under auro-combobox as well.
